hey everyone so today I'm going to be
reacting to your assumptions about me
over my Instagram I asked for people to
send in what they assumed about me what
their opinions are of me
unlike I just wanted people to be honest
it's cool if it's a slightly negative
assumption let me know I can take it
I've got thick skin but hopefully it's a
positive I haven't actually looked at
them yet so it is literally gonna be me
reacting to your assumptions and I will
respond to them as well I'll let you
know whether these assumptions are true
or not hopefully you can get to know me
better I know in this sort of video has
been going around for quite a while and
it's taken me a while to finally hop on
the trend but I just thought now's the
time I'm actually really intrigued to
see what people think of me would just
like to say thank you very much to
Skillshare for sponsoring this video
today Skillshare is an online learning
community for creators with over 25,000
different classes on so many different
areas and design and business most
recently I've done a class on how to
make the perfect grilled cheese sandwich
what you need I basically live on
sandwiches this class was just what I
needed
it took me through how to get the
perfect melt enos the perfect mix of
cheese in their optimal cooking time
everyone at uni now is going to be
requesting that I make them a sandwich
just you wait but anyway even if you're
not interested on how to make a sandwich
there are so many different classes you
can meet like-minded learners you can
participate in projects and like give
each other feedback on how you've got on
so on skill shot you can get a premium
membership which gives you unlimited
access to all their classes excitingly
school share is giving away a free two
month unlimited access trial to my
subscribers who click the link in the
description box below and after that
it's only about ten dollars per month
for all these amazing classes and
communities you can join so yeah do go
check it out if you're interested and
with that I think it's time to get onto
the assumptions I am so interested to
see what people have sent in I'm
actually on my dad's phone right now
because I film on my
phone and I was like wait I didn't think
this through how am I going to look at
my Instagram and film at the same time
but luckily my dad has very kindly
agreed to give up his phone for a whole
hour which is quite a commitment in this
day and age shout-out to my father for
helping out with this video so what I
did is I put out on my Instagram story
this morning send in your assumptions
about me my Instagram is at under school
page underscore y so go give it a fuller
I'm probably going to do more things
like this in the future and you can just
see more of what I'm getting up to
outside of my youtube videos someone
says you're introverted at uni I
wouldn't say so I think I'm kind of a
mix between introvert and extrovert like
I really really enjoy spending time with
other people but also I am quite happy
in my own company as well I'm not always
the most confident person I there have
been times in the past when I've been
quite shy but I'm not sure if I would
call myself shy anymore and I do enjoy
talking to people so I'd say no I'm not
really an introvert at uni that's
another one saying you are naturally
smart so I'd say I've always been quite
quick at picking things up at school so
yeah but I work so so hard to come out
with the results that I get I think most
of my grades is down to hard work I'd
say like about 80% is down to hard work
and maybe 20% is down to me being able
to pick things up quickly
someone assumed that I went to a private
school I did not I went to a state
comprehensive and I had a great time I
think I did just as well at the state
comprehensive as I would have at a
private school so I'm very happy with my
education
someone says you've always wanted to go
to Cambridge well I mean not from birth
but from the start of sixth form so I
suppose two years in the lead up to go
into Cambridge I really did want to go
to Cambridge and it was my dream
University so it's nice to be here your
parents are also scientists no
definitely not neither of them did
science you are socially awkward
sometimes I worry that I'm socially
awkward but I don't think I am I think
all of us feel a bit awkward sometimes
in social situations right I do get a
bit anxious in social situations but I'm
a lot more confident now than I used to
be so I'd say that I'm not socially
awkward you hate it when people expect
you to do well based on previous results
I don't think other people ever put too
much pressure on me to do well or I
don't feel the pressure from other
people's expectations but I do feel the
pressure from myself a lot I put a lot
of pressure on myself to do well based
on previous results which I don't
particularly like because that makes
things stressful you're really outgoing
and talk to everyone
I try to be but I'd say that I can be
more quiet when in like group situations
I feel like my lower confidence kind of
holds me back from being truly outgoing
but I'm halfway there I'd say you are
taller in person well I don't know how
short I come across in my videos but I
am in fact 5 foot 3 and 3/4 but let's
round that one up to 5 foot 4
everyone calls me short but I think
that's actually around average height
someone assumed I wake up early just to
study depends how early you mean I will
get up for my 9 o'clock lectures of
course but I'm not gonna get up before
that most of the time I like my sleep
normally I'd stay up later the night
before to study rather than get up early
you got all a stash a stars in your
GCSEs not quite so I got one B the rest
were a stars and a z' the B was in drama
and the exam didn't go so well I did in
fact fail my drama exam but to be fair
the rest of the class failed the exam
too so it wasn't just me but these
things happen you know you're not going
to be successful in every single
examination a B at the end of the day is
still a very decent grade you are
someone who always complains about how
hard unique / school is and in the end
you're great I have got a bit of a track
record of saying exams went bad and then
coming
with a decent grade which I do feel bad
about afterwards but like it's genuinely
how I feel at the time and quite a harsh
critic of myself you're really kind and
are exactly the same as you seem online
oh that's so nice thank you for sending
that one in I try to be kind that's what
I aim for I try and keep my youtube
videos so realistic I literally chat to
you guys as if you aren't my close
friends yeah I say I am very much the
same as I am on camera in real life you
befriend boys more easily than girls I
think it might come across this way
because all my YouTube videos a lot of
my friends at university our boys rather
than girls but I think that's more due
to the fact that my course physics in
particular and actually just physical
Natural Sciences has a lot more boys
studying it than girls so I've just
ended up being more friendly with guys
but I don't know maybe I do I do have a
lot of male friends and less female
friends it's weird because I went to an
all-girls school between the ages of 11
and 16 then I would never thought I
would have had so many friends that are
boys but now what do you know I have
more friends of boys than the girls
probably I haven't counted but yeah
you've never gotten into trouble at
school and all the teachers loved you I
was a bit of a teacher's pet at school
and I don't think I ever did get into
trouble at school no I always did my
homework on time I always worked pretty
hard so I mean that's why the teachers
liked me so that's probably quite
accurate your favourite films are
rom-coms yeah exactly you have me down
100% balances academic and social
activities very well I think sometimes
there's been a bit of trial and error
with that and I have maybe taken on too
many social activities and then realise
need to dial it back in and then I'll
get bored and want to throw a bit more
social stuff back in again but I think I
have reached a good balance now but
that's I didn't get that straightaway
never gets distracted by mobile phones I
do spend a lot more time than I would
like on my phone so I'd say that's
probably not true to be fair though I
understand if anyone did think that
because I always film on my phone so in
my youtube videos you
never see me on my phone I guess you've
got your life together like for real
it doesn't feel that way to be honest
I'm not really sure I have I don't
really know what I'm doing I'm happy
with how my academic career has gone so
far like things have gone quite well for
me I guess I've always more or less got
the grades that I was aiming for I've
had quite a smooth ride getting into
university but also there are things
that I'd like to change in my life I
don't think I lead as healthy a
lifestyle as I'd like to when it comes
to food and exercise I eat so unhealthy
I don't do anywhere near enough exercise
and I'd like to change that I'm just
going with the flow that's what I'm
doing
seeing where things take me someone says
you're deep down still a child I think I
am you know I have a jumper that says
grown-up on it and all my friends laugh
at me when I wear it cuz they're like
Paige you're not a grown-up don't tell
them I said this but I think they might
have a point I do still feel a bit like
a child you don't like going to clubs or
parties I'm not a big fan of clubbing I
don't know just being surrounded by load
of drunk people in a hot sweaty Club
just maybe isn't my thing
parties can't be fun I like getting
dressed up doing my makeup nice you are
disappointed that you are not top in
your year at Cambridge absolutely not
to be top of the year you need to be
some sort of next-level mastermind and
that is not me to be honest any sort of
competitiveness I had with academics
completely went away when I started
Cambridge when I realized that actually
I just wasn't on the same level as some
of the other people studying there and
that's okay success is relative if I am
pleased with how I do I don't need to
compare myself to others you think
Cambridge is better than other
universities different people are suited
to different universities for me when I
was looking around universities
Cambridge was my dream uni I just really
liked the feel of the town the course
that I was applying for it was just
where I wanted to be I liked the
teaching style for other people it's not
going to be suited to them no I don't
think it's better than other you
pasties apart from Oxford actually
Cambridge is better than Oxford let's
get that one straight everyone says you
look younger than you are
yeah a lot of people do say that I think
I have a bit of a baby face I'm not sure
but I am indeed 20 yeah a lot of people
think I'm like 15 you're insecure don't
know what for you're turning heads on
new work oh sorry I've been listening to
one direction in my car because that's
literally the only CD that I have in
there and am i insecure I think I am
insecure about some aspects of myself
definitely I think everyone has their
insecurities right you wish more girls
would take STEM subjects yes I do
evil physics yeah this year the stats
were 78 percent of the entries were male
and the rest female which it's just
quite poor isn't it really I don't think
that split is because girls are
disinterested in physics
I think the split is there because girls
are put off taking physics by the
current statistics and gender
stereotypes yeah it is an area dominated
by men and I just I'd like to see more
women get into it and just a bit more
her balance obviously I'm aware there
are gonna be other subject areas which
are dominated by women and I'd like to
see more valence in those two and
encourage men to go into those areas oh
and they said that I inspired them to
take a little physics that makes me so
so happy to hear physics is great so you
know whatever gender you are go take
physics a-level is a great a level you
don't get drunk that often I'd say yeah
that's probably true I don't think I do
get drunk that often it gets quite busy
during university term times so I don't
really want to be out every night
getting really really drunk and I get
such bad hangovers so it just puts me
off drinking too much because I don't
want to deal with a hangover the next
day because it'll just take a whole day
of studying out for me it's getting a
bit hot now go take my cardigan off that
there is a large part of your life
emotions etc that you prefer and not to
show the camera I share a lot on my
vlogs I'm always very honest with how
I'm feeling but yeah there are
definitely parts of my life which I
haven't shared on the Internet
and I won't share on the Internet you
get really nervous about your exams and
that affects you during the exam I get
so so nervous for exams but I don't
think that does affect me in the exam if
anything the adrenaline makes me do
better someone says I'm push and I push
I don't think I am force I have to tell
my mom that one she'll like it that
people think I'm posh you'd rather spend
time with friends than watch Netflix yes
I can't remember the last time I watched
Netflix when I'm at university I just
don't watch any Netflix no TV at all
someone says you're rich wouldn't say
I'm rich no I'm a student and I think
that says it all you're someone who
finds it hard to say no and hates
letting someone down that is me to a tee
honestly I was want to please people you
come from a wealthy background no my
parents have done well for themselves
and they've both got very good jobs
their inspirations to me I want to be as
successful as then when I grow up but
we're by no means a really really
wealthy family however we're not
struggling financially either and yeah I
feel lucky to have had the upbringing
I've had you're dancing you're way out
of your internship my internship
actually finished two days ago now so
now I'm actually free for the summer a
break was needed but also I'm going to
miss the office so so much I had such a
great time on my internship so it's kind
of mixed feelings you've never fallen
asleep in a lecture before no I haven't
hey I'm too scared the lecturer will
notice me and suddenly call me out it's
unreasonable the lecturer I would never
do that
plenty of people fall asleep in lectures
and never get called out but like I'm
just paranoid that what happened to me
and also lecture theatres aren't comfy
enough for me to fall asleep in your
entire family is of a high standard when
it comes to the quality of education my
mum went to university my dad didn't go
to university he actually left college
and just got a job straight out of
school and my younger sister has just
done her a-levels and has come out with
very good grades so yeah I'd say we are
a fairly successful family I think my
parents have brought me up in a way that
you know they want me to work hard you
were the type of person that when you're
feeling blue you just keep it to
yourself
yeah I'm very close with my parents so I
would normally chat to them if I am
feeling a bit down but I will mostly
keep it to myself I don't like to bring
the mood down you are a real nerd I like
to study I enjoy learning if that makes
me a nerd then I embrace it kind of say
I'm really sorry about the lighting in
this video we're working with natural
light here you have a boyfriend and
won't tell us so as I mentioned earlier
like there are some things I'm not gonna
share on my YouTube channel and on the
internet and this is one of them I hope
you guys understand that it's just not
something I'm comfortable sharing ok I
think we're gonna end it there do you
know what guys that video was really fun
to film I hope you've enjoyed this more
chillaxed video today please give the
video a like if you enjoyed it subscribe
down below to see more videos from me
hit that notification bell and I'll see
you soon with another video also follow
me on Instagram because I might do more
stuff like this again in the future yeah
that's it
[Music]